README.md, before:

# Dis Sys Essen Web Service Assignment

> 2110318 Dis Sys Essen assignment. The purpose of this project is to write a distributed application using Web services.

## Build Setup

``` bash
# install dependencies
npm install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:8080
npm run dev

# build for production with minification
npm run build

# build for production and view the bundle analyzer report
npm run build --report

# run unit tests
npm run unit

# run e2e tests
npm run e2e

# run all tests
npm test
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, checkout the [guide](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack/) and [docs for vue-loader](http://vuejs.github.io/vue-loader).

## Reference
- vuejs-templates: [https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack](https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack)
- node-soap: [https://github.com/vpulim/node-soap](https://github.com/vpulim/node-soap)
- Setting up Vue 2 and Foundation 6: [https://medium.com/@tommaso.marcelli/setting-up-vue-2-and-foundation-6-3f858b4ad20#.k3dgaqn78](https://medium.com/@tommaso.marcelli/setting-up-vue-2-and-foundation-6-3f858b4ad20#.k3dgaqn78)

## Note

```
open -a Google\ Chrome --args --disable-web-security --user-data-dir
```

Commit message:

Clean up code and configure run-script in package.json

README.md, after:

# Dis Sys Essen Web Service Assignment

> 2110318 Dis Sys Essen assignment. The purpose of this project is to write a distributed application using Web services.

## How to run this application
If you just download this project for the first time, please run the following script:
``` bash
npm install
```
Then to run this project, execute the following script:

``` bash
npm run start
```

<b>Note that</b> if you use `yarn` as your package manager, the equivalent scripts are shown below:
``` bash
npm install === yarn
npm run === yarn run
```

After running the script above, the web application and DomainExtensionWS web service will be available at `http://localhost:8080/` and `http://localhost:8001/domainExtensionWS?wsdl`, respectively.

## Note
To test this application, you need to bypass Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) in your browser. Otherwise, the browser will block a request to Soap service. Here is the script for bypassing CORS in Google Chrome (macOS):
```
open -a Google\ Chrome --args --disable-web-security --user-data-dir
```

For other browsers and operating systems, please visit the following link for further detail:
[Bypass CORS Errors When Testing APIs Locally](https://www.thepolyglotdeveloper.com/2014/08/bypass-cors-errors-testing-apis-locally/)

## Reference
- vuejs-templates: [https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack](https://github.com/vuejs-templates/webpack)
- node-soap: [https://github.com/vpulim/node-soap](https://github.com/vpulim/node-soap)
- Setting up Vue 2 and Foundation 6: [https://medium.com/@tommaso.marcelli/setting-up-vue-2-and-foundation-6-3f858b4ad20#.k3dgaqn78](https://medium.com/@tommaso.marcelli/setting-up-vue-2-and-foundation-6-3f858b4ad20#.k3dgaqn78)
